[NO-ISSUE] refactor: Templates reference (#859)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/additional-resources/templates-and-integrations/understand-azion-templates.mdx

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/guides/upstash-rate-limiting/" text="go to the Upstash Rate Limiting guide" variant="secondary"> 

</Button>

### Security and bot management

Deploy a template integrated with [Azion Bot Manager](/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager/) and other configurations to protect your applications from various threats.

#### Bot Manager Starter Kit

The **Bot Manager Starter Kit** template deploys an entirely new edge stack to enable customers to see the Bot Manager in action.

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager-starter-kit/" text="go to the Bot Manager Starter Kit guide" variant="secondary">

</Button>

#### Bot Manager Integration Kit

> The **Bot Manager Integration Kit** template provides an easy way to integrate the Bot Manager function in an existent Edge Firewall instance on Azion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Bot Manager Integration Kit** template provides an easy way to integrate the Bot Manager function in an existent edge firewall on Azion. 
```

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager-integration-kit/" text="go to the Bot Manager Integration Kit guide" variant="secondary">

</Button>

#### Bot Manager and TOR Block Starter Kit

> O template **Bot Manager and TOR Block Starter Kit** permite implantar um pacote de segurança básico para proteger seus domínios contra bots mal-intencionados e requisições de Tor Exit Nodes.

Reviewer: está em PT na página em EN

> O template **Bot Manager and TOR Block Starter Kit** permite implantar um pacote de segurança básico para proteger seus domínios contra bots mal-intencionados e requisições de Tor Exit Nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Bot Manager and TOR Block Starter Kit** template enables you to deploy a basic security suite to protect your domains from bad bots and Tor Exit Nodes requests.
```
